in a nineteen logjam that sees third and
eleventh one win apart frank paul newest
ala was missing from the Sydney Roosters
team which beat Gold Coast last week
smashed by Melbourne last round North
Queensland started without injured sin a
cane limit which allowed Khalifa FIFA
Lord to come in on the wing in 28 degree
temperatures with humidity at 80%
the Cowboys got the jump when Antonio
Winter Steen straightened up from broken
play winter Stein hadn't scored a try
this season but within three minutes he
had a double
and tiny a Twitter stein collection
double
once again a case of right place right
time the inside backs then laid it on
for Ashley Graham first and backed up to
give five file lower and opportunity and
the winger had no margin for error he's
in the air
the Cowboys led 20 to nil in 20 minutes
the roosters look like they needed the
scheduled drinks break first and was
having a picnic in the territory and
Matt Barnes and turned them into
four-point nuggets
x-points one-way traffic in the first
half North Queensland 28 Sydney Roosters
nil after a 15-minute break Sydney
Roosters came out to score first when
Shaun kenny-dowall collected his fourth
try of the season bombs away three
minutes later for the Roosters this time
by Braith Anasta
28:12 and mitchell Pierce went to the
Darwin skies again Sam parrot and
Kennedy I'll set it up to Jack maasdam
but it was disallowed
you want to push that ball forward
semperit Jake France spied an opening
and darted through I don't think so I
think right Thompson was able to get
ease he's linked under the football
soon after the hour mark North
Queensland put the game to bed thanks to
the ground work by thirst and in bowling
from there the Cowboys pounced on
anything loose the Roosters defense
caught in sixes and sevens as the
Cowboys cut loose
will after the event
Ashton Sims went on report for this
follow-up work on Jack Baz Dhin from the
confusion after a referee tumbled in
back play North Queensland hit the half
century mark when Thurston initiated the
last of nine tries full-time North
Queensland 50 Sydney Roosters 12 pretty
impressive conditions here and place a
good 40 but very little bit back into it
a couple of tries there from kicks but
boys flies it out really well really
happy
Charles Christian big pants sport